-Welcome back to the show, sir.
-Happy to be back.
Interesting. You were
the third guest on my show.
-I was. -You were also one
of the only...
In fact,
you are the only Republican
who supports Trump
who's come back to the show
post Trump winning.
-Huge bravery.
-(laughter)
-So brave, Chris. So brave.
-So brave...
You also got nothing to lose,
which helps.
Well, you know, listen, it's...
-(laughter)
-(Christie giggles)
You know, sometimes that's when
you're bravest, Trevor.
-You know? All right. -That is
when you're bravest, right?
Right. Never know.
How-how do you feel
about these Republicans
who seem to be pro Trump
or with him,
and then, when they're leaving,
all of a sudden, they're like,
"He is the worst thing
in the world."? And...
It seems like bravery does
happen when the people leave.
Uh, yeah, when, you know,
you don't have to look at him
-every day or something,
I guess. -Right.
I guess that's probably it.
Um, but, you know,
they were brave
in the beginning, you know,
and-and what they're doing now
is just faux bravery, so...
-Oh. That's interesting.
-That's the way it goes.
Hurricane Sandy was for you
one of the most seminal moments
in your life
and-and your career.
Um, it's interesting
because you went
on this roller-coaster ride
of approval ratings.
Hurricane Sandy,
around that time, people said
Chris Christie could be the next
president of the United States.
-I recall that.
-Yeah.
And then, a while later, like,
this picture was one of those
that made you one
of the most hated men
-in the United States.
-Yeah.
When, like,
a beach was shut down,
and there was, you know,
a shutdown,
-and you were out on the beach
with your family. -Yeah.
-Mm-hmm.
-What was that like?
Just genuinely, from your side
as a human being,
going from, like,
everyone loving to... you
to feeling like
everyone hates you?
-Trying to make me cry?
-(laughter)
-No, no, but, I mean, seriously.
-No. No. I mean, listen.
Seriously, like,
that's-that's often
what political life is like.
You know, very rarely is there
somebody in political life
who does anything
that's worth anything...
-Right. -...that remains popular
all the way through.
Because if you're doing stuff
that matters
and stuff that needs to be done
in your state
or in this country,
you're gonna anger some people.
You have to.
Because, unless you're just
giving everything away,
unless you're just saying "yes"
to everybody
even if you don't mean it,
you're gonna make some people
angry.
-Um, and so, you know, to me,
like, it's never fun. -Mm-hmm.
-Like, you always would much
rather be 75% than 15%. -Right.
But in the end,
does it really matter?
Like, to me,
what matters is what you did
and what you accomplished.
And so, for me, that's what
always mattered the most.
No one likes it.
Anybody who says
they like being unpopular
at times is just
completely full of it.
I didn't like it,
but I also tried
to have some perspective on it.
That wasn't why I did it
in the first place anyway,
-was to be popular.
-Mm-hmm.
And I used to tell my folks
when we were at 75%,
like, we're not keeping this
in the desk drawer,
like, just looking at it, go,
"Look how pretty that 75% is."
Let's go spend it.
Let's go do the difficult things
that'll bring that down,
and then you got
to live with it.
-You've written a book.
-Yeah.
Let Me Finish: Trump, the
Kushners, Bannon, New Jersey,
and the Power
of In-Your-Face Politics.
You take us through
a little bit of how you began,
a little bit of your life,
the journey that made you
into Chris Christie
as people know you.
And then really you get
into the meat
of the presidential campaign,
from you announcing,
from you going into the race,
all the way through
to dropping out.
-And then, the story
with Donald Trump. -Right.
-Let's start at the beginning
of this journey... -Yeah.
...when you were running
and Donald Trump was running.
You-you guys had been friends
for a while.
Yeah, at that time, we had been
friends for about 14 years.
Did you think he stood a chance?
-No.
-Why not?
I thought
the whole thing was a joke.
At the time. I really did.
I mean, you know, he had been
talking about running
for president for a long time.
-Right.
-I mean, going back 20 years.
And so, when he finally...
Look, he was getting older,
and when he finally declared,
-I thought to myself, "Well,
he's not gonna stay in."
-Uh-huh. -I mean,
this is gonna be something
where he's gonna do it
for a little while,
gets into a debate or two,
experience it,
and then go, "Aah, I don't need
this. I'm gonna go away."
So, the whole premise of me,
and not just me, but most
-of the other men and women that
were up on the stage... -Yes.
...was like, "All right,
he's getting some attention now,
but he can't be serious
about this."
Is-is that why you guys didn't
work as hard to attack him?
It felt like everyone was
leaving him, and was just like,
"Ah, forget him. He's fun."
You know what it really was?
Part of the problem was
there were so many of us.
And he had so much, uh,
popularity in the polls early...
-Yes.
-...that all the rest of us,
there was just a little bit left
for everybody.
So, you remember, when
people would go to attack him...
Like, Rand Paul, went
to attack him, one thing.
And he'd look at him, and
he'd go, "You're at two percent.
"You're nothing,
You're never gonna win.
-Leave me alone." Right?
-Yes. Yes.
-Or... -"You shouldn't even be
on the stage."
"You shouldn't be on the stage.
Who are you?"
-Yes.
-That kind of thing.
And-and everybody
saw that happening,
and the media
would react to that
and play it over and over again,
so it would be like
you're getting-getting, you
know, sand kicked in your face,
not just once,
but, like, a hundred times.
And so people said:
Well, let's wait.
The strategy of everybody was:
Let's wait till we're down
to the last few,
-and then we'll go after him.
-Uh-huh.
But when you saw that happening,
when you saw Trump becoming
a viable candidate, it...
the race changed quite a bit.
Did it change your friendship?
You know, interestingly, no,
because we never...
except for one instance
that I detail in the book...
-Right. What is that instance?
-Well, that instance was,
I got the endorsement
of the Manchester Union Leader
in New Hampshire,
which is the biggest newspaper
in New Hampshire, and the
biggest to get in the primary.
-And he was really pissed.
-Right.
And so he was in South Carolina
when it happened, and he...
and then he gives some speech
saying that, "Oh, you know,
"Bridgegate,
he knew all about it.
-Right.
-"I know he knew about it.
"He had breakfast
with these people every morning.
What were they talking about?"
It was all made up.
-Right? All made up.
-But how does that...
how do you still stay friends
with somebody who's accusing you
of being part of something
that is a crime?
Well, part of what...
part of it is politics.
Right? I mean,
people accuse people
of everything
in politics sometimes,
and if you break
every relationship you have
with someone who says
something bad about you,
you're gonna be eating dinner
alone in politics,
'cause it's a nasty game.
But also what happened was,
when he did that,
then I went after him.
-So, I was in Iowa
when he did that. -Yes.
That night, I went after him,
and I said: Listen,
Donald Trump said a whole bunch
of lies about me today.
Let me tell you the truth.
We're... we don't need a wall.
-Uh-huh.
-We're never gonna build a wall,
even if he's elected.
And if we ever did build a wall,
I can guarantee you one thing--
-Mexico ain't ever
gonna pay for it. -Right.
-And, you know... -Do you still
believe all of those things?
Listen, it-it looks like
I was right. Um...
-(laughter)
-No, but do you still...
do you still believe
all of those things?
Yeah. I mean, yeah.
That's what I ran on.
I don't think... I don't think
we need those things.
Um, do we need some more
security at the border?
Of course we do. And I think
everybody agrees on that.
-Right. -Um, but did we need
what he was talking about then?
-Which was a concrete wall
-Yes.
from one end of the border
to the other.
No. And-and I said that
at the time.
-Right. -And now he
doesn't even say anymore
-that that's what we need.
-Now he says a fence.
-A fence-wall. -Right,
a fence or... or steel slats
or something like that.
But... but the point was...
-More like a stern warning.
-when-- right--
when I went after him,
the next morning,
Corey Lewandowski, who was
campaign manager at the time,
called my campaign,
and actually said, "Listen,
"Donald's really, um, sorry.
"He didn't mean
to say any of that.
"He knows it was wrong.
He knows that that wasn't true.
And he wants a truce."
And so I said to my guy, "If
he wants a truce, he calls me."
And so he called me,
and he admitted...
he never... he didn't mean it,
he knew it wasn't true,
he was just angry,
and he apologized.
So, let me ask you this, then.
You get to that point
-where you've now...
-And then he
didn't say anything anymore,
by the way, that was it.
Right, there's been a truce.
But then you were
the first prominent Republican
to stand behind Donald Trump.
Like, I will never forget,
there was this debate
that we watched together where,
out of nowhere--
it was like watching
the Royal Rumble--
we thought you
would be going after him,
and then you just kicked
Marco Rubio in the jaw,
basically took him
out of the race,
-Yeah.
-and you-you backed Trump.
You-you backed him... -Well,
that happened after it, yeah.
Right, but I'm saying,
you backed him--
did you genuinely believe
at that time
that this man was the best man
to be president
-of the United States?
-Here's what I believed.
I believed
that he was gonna win,
that he was gonna win
the Republican nomination
He had come in second place
in Iowa...
But did you believe
that he deserved to win?
Well, I... No,
I thought I deserved to win.
-(laughter)
-Hey. Hey, like...
-Touché.
-Right? All right, so, you know,
'cause I get asked this question
a lot, for obvious reasons,
and I go, "Let's be clear here.
He was not my first choice
for president. I was." Right?
So... but then I was trying
to be practical.
I looked at it, I said:
None of the rest of these guys
on the stage are gonna beat him,
they're just not.
After he came in second place
in Iowa...
But you... but you were part
of that prophecy.
No, it was over by then.
When he won New Hampshire and
South Carolina by double digits,
-Yes.
-in fields of 12, 13 people,
it's over, it's just over.
I knew it was over,
and I sat there with my wife
on the couch
watching South Carolina,
and I said: Listen,
we've been friends with this guy
for 14 years--
he's gonna be the nominee.
We got two choices:
either stay on the sidelines
or support him and try
to make him a better candidate.
And I thought
I could talk to him in ways
that nobody else
could talk to him
because of the 14-year
friendship.
That... Like, for instance,
when he was doing all the stuff
with Judge Curiel,
-Yes. -I was the guy
who got called in,
by his family,
to talk to him and say,
-"You have to stop this.
-Right.
"It's not right. It's not right
to go after this judge
"because he's
a Mexican-American.
"Stop it. Put out a statement
saying you're gonna stop
and don't do it anymore."
And I got called in to do that,
and I did it.
And I convinced him
to put out a statement
saying he wouldn't do it anymore
and he didn't do it anymore.
So it's interesting you say
you wanted this man
to be a better candidate, and
you thought you could help him.
-Yep.
-The book is really engaging.
And it's an interesting insight
into the world
that you have and Trump has
and the people around him have.
Especially when it comes
to the Kushners.
-'Cause the way you lay it out
in the book, -Yeah.
you make it sound like
Jared Kushner
has the power
in the White House.
-I mean, you... -Well, he is,
he is the most powerful person
in the White House
next to the president.
And you argue
that you didn't get the job
as vice president
because of Jared Kushner.
Sure, that's exactly why.
Listen, the Wednesday night
before the president--
the now president-- announced
his running mate on a Friday,
I was in Washington D.C. working
on the transition.
He called me, that night
on the phone, he said,
"Are you ready?" I said
"Am I ready for what?"
He goes, "You know what I'm
talking about. Are you ready?"
And I said, "Well, if you ask,
I'm ready."
And he said,
"Well, talk to Mary Pat.
Make sure she's okay. I'm gonna
make my announcement tomorrow."
Now, I don't know, Trevor.
-(laughs) That sounds, to me,
like it's gonna be me. -Right.
-Um...
-(laughter)
And then, about two hours later,
a high-level staff person on
the campaign that was with him,
called me and said,
"He just called the family
"and told them
that it's gonna be you.
"And Jared and Ivanka have said
they're getting on a plane
"at 6:00 a.m. to Indianapolis
to come and talk to him
and tell him he's got
to go see Mike Pence again."
So I don't know if it was Jared
who made sure
that I wasn't vice president,
but then they went to see Pence,
-and then I didn't get it, so...
-Right. So, so, so...
-So let's look at that part
in the book, -Yeah.
'cause this is really
fascinating where you talk
about this moment between
the two of you.
There's a lot of tension
that's happening here.
Jared comes to you at one point
and, basically, says to you,
to your face, he says,
"This is, basically,
-for what you have done
to my father." -Right.
Because you were,
basically, responsible
-for putting his father in jail.
-No, let's be clear.
His father was responsible
for going to jail.
(applause)
No, putting him in jail.
-W-What he did...
-He-- Yes.
-What he did put him in jail.
-Semantics. Yes. I'm...
-No, not semantics,
really important. -Right.
Because when you say--
When someone says
a prosecutor
puts someone in jail--
-I did my job.
-Right.
My job is when people break
the law in my state,
and I have the evidence beyond
a reasonable doubt that
they did, then they go to jail.
Whether they're the richest guy
in the state,
-which is what he was
at the time, -Mm-hmm.
or whether they're
a low-level drug dealer,
you know, who committed a crime
and killed somebody,
-they go to jail.
-So you think it was--
You think it was him
enacting his vendetta.
He was saying, "You're not
gonna be vice president
'cause of what you did
to my dad."
(stammers) Listen, that's not
when he had the talk with me.
It was earlier than that.
When Trump was making me
the chairman of the transition,
-which was in May,
-Yes.
he came in to Trump's office
uninvited,
and made the argument, in front
of me, to his father-in-law,
that I couldn't be chairman
of the transition
because I was untrustworthy,
because I had pursued
his father and put him in jail,
and that that was
a family matter
that should have been resolved
by the rabbis,
and not by a prosecutor.
Do you think that
you would have been...
-Yeah. I-I reacted the same way,
by the way. -(laughter)
Do you... Do you think-- 'Cause
if you asked it the other way,
do you find, like, Jared
and them would have said,
"Oh, no, but, you know,
Mike Pence was a better VP,"
because Trump was so, you know,
just so caught up in
all of his scandals--
the pussy tape, etc., you wanted
someone next to him who was...
Remember, they didn't know
about that tape then.
Right. But I'm saying,
they wanted somebody
who was the squeaky clean
Bible guy, and they were like,
"Oh, maybe Chris Christie's
not the right VP
to have next to Trump,
look at Bridgegate."
Well, I'm-I'm definitely not
the Bible guy, but, but...
I'm from New Jersey, but...
But nonetheless, like,
the point is,
-that should be
the president's choice, -Yes.
and it shouldn't have to worry
about me having--
And Trump said it that day
in the meeting,
because he made me chairman
of the transition.
And he said to Jared, "You can't
blame him for doing his job.
He was just doing his job."
And let me remind you
what this guy did.
I mean, besides tax evasion
and violating
fair election laws,
when he found out
we were investigating him,
and that his sister had been
called to the grand jury,
'cause she was part owner
of the company,
he sent-- he hired a prostitute
to go after
his sister's husband,
seduce his sister's husband,
videotape it,
and then he took the videotape
and sent it to his own sister
on the day of her son's
engagement party
to intimidate her
from going and speaking
in front of the grand jury.
Now, listen, I know some
families have problems...
(laughter)
But... And-and my family
has been one that's,
like, you know...
We-we talk, and we're...
and we're...
-We'll battle with each other,
all right? -Right.
I never hired a hooker, right,
-to go and videotape it and send
it to my sister. -That-that...
I mean, so, we're not talking
about, oh, you know,
-a parking ticket.
-Yes.
And my point to Jared
and to anybody who's
ever asked me about this is,
you know,
when you do something like that,
you have to be held accountable.
And by the way, it wasn't a jury
that found him guilty.
He pled guilty.
-He admitted guilt to 18 counts.
-Right.
-So, my point is, like,
you've got to let... -So...
I understand it's his father.
-Nobody would want their father
to go to jail. -Uh-huh.
I totally understand that.
But at some point
as you get older,
you've got to understand that,
"Well, I'm an adult now.
"My father
has to take responsibility
"for his own conduct,
and I can't blame the guy
who was just doing his job."
Let's talk about the transition
before I let you go.
-Yeah. -Because this is
one of the parts of the book
that I genuinely
was-was engrossed by.
You talk about how you spent
a really long time
compiling a giant dossier
of, like, what
your transition team would be,
-what Trump's transition
should look like. -Yep.
-All the people who would help
him to become president. -Yep.
-You then get kicked off
the transition team. -Yep.
-They throw away
all of your work. -Yeah.
-And, as we saw, the transition
was a disaster, right? -Total.
Do you think that you
could have helped Donald Trump
to become presidential,
the thing that people
have been searching for
-from the very beginning?
-Well, I don't know about that.
Um, but I think
what-what we could have done
was gotten him off
to a much better start
and-and put more good people
around him.
You know,
there's that old saying, right?
-Garbage in, garbage out.
-Yes.
Right? So if you have
a bunch of people around you
-who are not good,
-Mm-hmm.
it significantly decreases
your ability to be good.
But let me ask you this.
You say in the book...
This was interesting,
'cause in the book,
there's a passage where you talk
about Trump,
and you say he's not
a good judge of character,
or he makes...
or he makes, um, rash decisions.
-You say he's very impulsive.
-Impulsive.
-Yes, impulsive.
-Impulsive, yeah.
And you say he surrounds himself
with guys who are, you know,
con men and people who are shady
and people who are just not,
you know,
-the right people to be around.
-Some of them aren't.
-Right, right, right.
-Right, some of them aren't.
But then did you never...
not ask yourself that question,
like, "Why does he
want me around, then?"
No. Well, apparently he didn't.
Uh, but it's not like all
the people around him are bad.
And it's not like
every decision,
personnel decision he makes
is bad.
But the problem is that if you
don't have the process set up
to vet people, right?
-So, they threw all that away.
-Right.
And, so, you know, they were,
like, vetting people on Google.
I mean,
and-and you can't do that
because what happens
is you miss things.
And someone can sit
across from you in a meeting
-and impress you one day in
an hour or two hours. -Uh-huh.
And they may seem okay.
And we've all met people
like this.
And then all of a sudden you
find out other stuff about them.
You do a little research.
You go, "Oh, yeah.
That guy's...
that guy's not good."
-Right.
-And you move on.
He threw
that entire process away.
Jared, Steve Bannon,
Rick Dearborn--
those three guys
took 30 volumes.
It's not just my work.
We had 140 people,
all volunteers,
-working from May till November
-Yes.
to put together 30 binders
of stuff on...
You know, so they wouldn't
have had to write...
-On-on... No, I'm with you.
Everyone. -On everything.
-An executive order on the back
of an envelope -Right.
that's gonna get
thrown out of court
-on some kind of travel ban
scam, right? -Right, right.
I'm with you.
But let me ask you this, then.
Let me ask you this.
You-You're in a position
where as Chris Christie, you are
friends with Donald Trump,
the man who's about to become
president of the United States,
or has a good chance of becoming
president of the United States.
You are engaging with him
in debate prep.
-Yeah.
-You talk about in the book
where you are out with this man,
and you're playing golf.
And the reason you're playing
golf is because you realize
that he does not want
to sit down and read anything,
so you think you can trick him
into learning things
before the next debate,
essentially.
Well, no, not trick him,
but-but...
What I began to understand
and learn
was that he learned much better
verbally than he did in writing.
-So that if we sat and had
a conversation... -(laughter)
It's true. And then,
you know, some people...
-And over...
-But at this point...
And you...
At this point you're like,
"This man should be the
president of the United States"?
No, remember... Hold on.
Remember-remember what I said.
He was going to be
the Republican nominee.
He was going to be.
-That was over.
-Right. So in your head...
-So...
-In your head, you're going,
"I have to try to fix this,
basically."
That's...
I want to make it better.
-And you thought you could.
-He's gonna be the nominee.
Well, damn, man,
I wouldn't have done it
-if I didn't think I could.
-Right.
Right, I wa... Like, this...
I wasn't getting paid.
Um, and-and I...
My point was,
I love the country.
This is gonna be...
This guy's gonna have
-a fifty-fifty shot
to be president. -Right.
So let's try to make him
as good as we can make him,
and let's see
if we can make this work.
And when were you with him
on the golf course,
you guys are playing,
and between holes,
-you're trying to brief...
-We weren't playing.
-You weren't playing. Oh.
-'Cause I don't play.
-So you're just trying
to brief him between holes. -No.
What happened was we went
to the golf course for lunch.
-Yes.
-And I said to him,
"Listen, we need to talk about
the health care reform stuff.
-Right. -So where
do you want to do that?"
And he goes, "Well,
have you ever seen the course?"
And I said, "No,
I've never seen this course."
He goes, "Well,
let's get in the golf cart
and we'll ride around
and we'll talk."
And what happened--
and that's an interesting part
of the book-- I started
to try to talk to him about it.
He didn't want to talk about it.
What he wanted to talk about was
that he was concerned
that, like,
this might really happen.
"I-I might win."
-(laughter)
-And he said-- Yeah.
And he said to me, like,
"I'm cons..."
-This is so (bleep) crazy, man.
I'm sorry, man. -Right? Right?
And he says-- Well, listen,
I-I think if you-- I think
if you talk to President Obama
President Bush, 43,
President Clinton,
that there-there comes a moment
when you're running--
-you want to win--
-Right.
but then there's a moment
when it goes,
"Whoa.
-I may actually win."
-Right.
I, personally,
never got to that moment.
But...
(clears throat)
I wished I'd gotten
to that moment, but I didn't.
That's a different moment.
And what he was saying to me
that day was--
he was talking to me about,
"I've run a family business.
"I've taken care of my kids.
-"I'm worried about
what's gonna happen -Uh-huh.
"when I'm not there every day
and they have to do this.
"And they're gonna do--
Are they gonna do well or not?
Is this gonna work?"
And we sat there talking for--
instead of talking
about health care reform,
we sat there for about an hour,
riding around this course,
talking about being a father.
-So, when you-- when you...
-And what that--
and-and what your responsibility
is in public.
'Cause he had never been
in public life before.
So he's asking me, like,
"Listen, you've been doing this
"for a long time. How do you
make time to see your kids?
"How do you deal with the things
they need from you
-when you've got this really
important job?" -Uh-huh.
It's not the kind
of conversation that most people
think Donald Trump would want--
would be having.
And that's one of the reasons
I put it in the book.
It started off as a bad story,
like he didn't want to talk
about health care reform.
-Right. -But, in the end,
we talked about something that,
in a personal way,
was-was meaningful
and-and something that I think
most people wouldn't think
of him.
And that's one of the reasons
I put it in the book.
-Because we know all the stuff
we know-- -Yes.
all the tweeting and the stuff
that you were talking about
-for the first half hour
of the show. -Right.
But that's something that most
people wouldn't know and that,
because I was his friend
and around then,
I had a window into
and I thought was important
to share with the public so
that they got more information
about the guy who's sitting
in the Oval Office.
-So then let me ask you this.
-Yeah.
If he was to call you today
and say,
"Chris, I need you.
"Remember that night
that I called you?
"I should have followed through.
"I should have given you
the ring.
-"Will you...
-Or the rose or whatever.
"Will you come and join me
at the White House?
I need you
in my administration."
-Would you say yes?
-He's offered me
six different jobs
since he's there,
-and I've said no
to all of them. -Why?
Because there were no jobs that
he offered me that I wanted.
-And...
-Which job would you want?
I told him way back--
and I put this in the book--
when I endorsed him,
a day or two later, when we were
campaigning around together,
he said to me,
"Hey, if I win this thing,
what do you want?"
And I said,
"There's only two jobs
that I'm interested in,
-vice president
or attorney general." -Uh-huh.
That's it. I said, "Those are
the two jobs that I think
"I'm most qualified for and
the ones that would excite me
the most and where I think
I could do the most good."
-Uh-huh. -I'm not looking
for another title.
-I got plenty of titles. I-I...
-So let me ask you this.
Would you-- would you-- would
you run for president again?
-Never say never. I mean...
-Would you-- would you run
-against Trump? Do you think
you could be-- -In 2020?
-do you think
you could beat him? -No.
In a primary in 2020?
-Prob-- No, I don't think so.
-Do you think any Republican
-could beat him?
-I don't think so. Not now.
Now, listen,
politics is a dynamic thing,
-and you never know.
-Right.
But based on what we see
right now,
no, I think--
You're the incumbent president.
It's very hard to beat
an incumbent president
in a primary.
Um, and-and
he's still highly popular
among Republican Party voters.
I think the last poll I saw
had him at, like,
-80% or 81% approval
among Republicans. -Right.
So if 81% percent of the people
like the guy
you're running against,
that only leaves 19% for you.
Um, so that's not good--
that's not a good game to play.
So, no. But I'm 56 years old.
Would I think
about doing it again?
I-- Of course
I would think about it,
but only if I saw
a reasonable path to win.
Like, I don't want to be one
of these guys who runs
-just 'cause, like, "Hey,
why not? Let's run." -Mm-hmm.
It's too hard to do that,
and it's too important.
I didn't run in 2012,
despite a lot of people
asking me to do it,
-because I didn't feel
like I was ready. -Right.
I had an antiquated view
of the presidency at that time,
-apparently. -And now you're
like, "It's a free-for-all."
Now I'm like, "What? (stammers)
I-I had 15 months as governor?
I was overqualified!" Um...
(laughing)
But-but, at the time,
I had 15 months as governor,
I thought, like,
"I can't do this.
Like, this is ridiculous.
This is not right."
And maybe, politically,
-I had a good chance to-to
win-win the nomination. -Right.
I felt like, in your heart,
you got to believe
that you can win
and that, if you win,
that you're qualified to do the
most important job in the world.
That's the way I feel about it.
So the answer to your question
is, yeah, I'd think about it
but only if I thought
that I had a path to win.
And if I didn't,
then you have no business
going out and asking people
for money and asking people
-for-for their vote.
-Right.
-It's just not right.
-I will say this.
Um, we haven't always agreed
on everything.
We fight and argue about stuff.
But I've always appreciated
that you come on the show
-and that you talk.
-Listen, you're great.
And I love coming on the show,
and I love what you do.
-Thank you for being here.
-Thank you.
Let Me Finish.
It's a fascinating book,
and it's available now. Governor
Chris Christie, everybody.